if you're looking to buy coins then go
and check out you fifa calm down below
in the description if you want to get a
nice discount use the code beach to get
yourself a percent off coins a nice and
cheap well team of the year team last
season inform our matches are coming
soon to buy your coins now where does it
go HD hair and today we're finally back
with a video so today I've known unpacks
for quite a while back opens man I used
to moes Bailey another one for ages so
and their hey day Wiz it straight away
bumps we're gonna go into it look at
these two packs on Tuesday pow guys hit
ye the best player dealer week I've just
got him that's what happens you wear you
wear a swag one shirt you got you got
any some use pack look yo Robin hey
packed in a few weeks ago and he's come
back again he's one that I'm pretty sure
Robin cells as well come on you sell pal
don't yet well this is this is good I'm
liking this you say that was just before
the new team of the week there was no
Ronaldo anything loud but hug ye was the
best one there now gonna show you I've
been trying so hard do we get this messy
doing a Ronaldo smash the live on the
straight 523 likes this video guys go
Palmer the light on and here is the rest
of this week's packs it is insane
all right in the skippack Shimon again
discards I know I packed in the fall I
know is just as this guy oh yes Oh
inform Diego one I haven't actually
packed yet informed yet please let me
technique I thank you do you sell is he
gonna sell when i click on him now all
da go again right ten packs up there i'm
going on the diego oh yes servers diego
Alvers what what what can I hear you
saying was that i'm a beast i know all
those will sell 600k second time our
packaging sharp shall take up so much i
think about o.o lima lima please tell me
name ourselves on this now please de
mars gotta sell shot come on guys name i
was gonna sell yeah he's got to beware
of something my part lot is turning
really good yes wahoo finally I packed a
bird book at what three or four million
coins and I packed a purple finally
Erica it might not be hazard I wish it
was hadn't man i wish it was hazard but
look at that first oh hi I'm not very
old how are you came yup this this is
getting beraber Renauld always come it
that Ronaldo is on its way songs demand
much
forgot about my much missing to get
Ronaldo messy yes II bruh i just plugged
in i finally i am in fact ever since be4
first come out it's been so long since
about Abby's play like a bro imagine go
see yourself these up 750 gasps all that
500 japery by playing ashley selves on
this game still face back to me remove
it huh yo oh ah every time I think
there's a girl in formalin is this guy
Baumann we've only packed in like 50 *
war what a pack I've only packed in 25
million times no
I'm farm elders on my guy unless I get
now one of the sick like Ronaldo or
summat then these in phones are just
just useless alice is good they'll get
me wrong like list in the market in
stealth 600 k by it's not I've only
might two or three times already oh yes
yes whoo a purple again my third purple
Ali go we just a Nissan deer valley in a
pack yo come on this is bad for I'm
pleased on the purple oh my god good any
air like I'm not packed you a million
times already this week man oh man of
the match yes I lost I'm ah I spent so
many coins coming i'm on a much lesser
yesterday finally I get one by
MasterCard atlas oh my god again we have
not packed delish only who falls apart a
million times
Oh Alex hats the my match card again oh
just too easy I'm gonna stain oh my god
you're not serious I've I just packed in
for a third time in a row that's like I
must have spent like three hundred and
hundred and fifty K and got three mellow
mush guards in that what are you doing
here yes Dini never heard of him before
I probably shut up place another purple
card apk for you not in the market you
could guess that we've got all guess
there's none of you on the market power
I'm pretty sure that I balconi coins
left we're gonna save it might be some
special packs later on side you see the
ball then thing good but if not then
this is the end of the video guys do
over to like the video smash the thumbs
up on 500 + like the amazing subscribe
to me and I'll see you next time guys
bye bye